# Privacy Policy

Updated at 2022-10-29

__locod.io__ (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by locod.io.

This Privacy Policy applies to our website, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our “Service”) alongside our application, locod.io. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

## Definitions and key terms

To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:

- Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
- Company: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to locod.io, that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
- Country: where locod.io or the owners/founders of locod.io are based, in this case is Belgium
- Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the locod.io Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users.
- Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit locod.io and use the services.
- IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
- Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by locod.io or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
- Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
- Service: refers to the service provided by locod.io as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
- Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
- Website: locod.io."’s" site, which can be accessed via this URL: https://www.locod.io
- You: a person or entity that is registered with locod.io to use the Services.

## What Information Do We Collect?

We collect information from you when you visit our website, register on our site,
subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.

- Firstname / Lastname / Organisation / Company
- Email Address
- Password (encrypted)

## How Do We Use The Information We Collect?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the 
following ways:

- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)

## Do we share the information we collect with third parties?

Nope, we don't share your information.

## Where and when is information collected from customers and end users?

locod.io will collect personal information that you submit to us. 

## How Do We Use Your Email Address?

By submitting your email address on this website, you agree to receive emails from us. 
You can cancel your participation in any of these email lists at any time by clicking 
on the opt-out link or other unsubscribe option that is included in the respective email. 
We only send emails to people who have authorized us to contact them, either directly, 
or through a third party. We do not send unsolicited commercial emails, because we hate 
spam as much as you do. Email addresses submitted only through the order processing 
page will be used for the sole purpose of sending you information and updates 
pertaining to your order. If, however, you have provided the same email to us 
through another method, we may use it for any of the purposes stated in this Policy. 
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, 
we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

## How Long Do We Keep Your Information?

We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide locod.io to you and 
fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone 
that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. 
When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to 
keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either 
remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.

## How Do We Protect Your Information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal 
information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. 
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied information is transmitted 
via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the 
absolute security of any information you transmit 
to locod.io or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, 
altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

The locod.io website, application and database is hosted by a company 
that is [ISO/IEC 27001](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_27001) certified.

## Could my information be transferred to other countries?

locod.io is incorporated in Belgium. Also the servers of the hosting company where
locod.io is hosted is located in Belgium. Since we don't share the data with third parties,
the data will not be transferred to other countries.

## Is the information collected through the locod.io Service secure?

We take precautions to protect the security of your information. 
We have physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard, 
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use your information. 
However, neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption 
systems. In addition, people can commit intentional crimes, make mistakes or 
fail to follow policies. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your 
personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If applicable law 
imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your personal information, you agree 
that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure our compliance with that duty.

## Can I update or correct my information?

The rights you have to request updates or corrections to the information 
locod.io collects depend on your relationship with locod.io. Personnel 
may update or correct their information as detailed in our internal company employment policies.

Customers have the right to request the restriction of certain uses 
and disclosures of personally identifiable information as follows. 
You can contact us in order to (1) update or correct your personally 
identifiable information, (2) change your preferences with respect to 
communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) 
delete the personally identifiable information maintained about you 
on our systems (subject to the following paragraph), by cancelling 
your account. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will 
have no effect on other information that we maintain, or information 
that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy 
Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion. To protect 
your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps (such as requesting 
a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access 
or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your 
unique password and account information at all times.

You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and 
every record of the information you have provided to us from our system. 
The need to back up our systems to protect information from inadvertent 
loss means that a copy of your information may exist in a non-erasable 
form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. Promptly 
after receiving your request, all personal information stored in 
databases we actively use, and other readily searchable media will 
be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon 
as and to the extent reasonably and technically practicable.

If you are an end user and wish to update, delete, or receive any 
information we have about you, you may do so by contacting the organization 
of which you are a customer.

## Governing Law

This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Belgium without regard to its 
conflict of laws provision. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts in connection with any action or dispute arising between the parties 
under or in connection with this Privacy Policy except for those individuals who
may have rights to make claims under Privacy Shield, or the Swiss-US framework.

The laws of Belgium, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this 
Agreement and your use of the website. Your use of the website may also be 
subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

By using locod.io or contacting us directly, you signify your acceptance 
of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, 
you should not engage with our website, or use our services. Continued 
use of the website, direct engagement with us, or following the posting 
of changes to this Privacy Policy that do not significantly affect the 
use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that 
you accept those changes.

## Your Consent

We've updated our Privacy Policy to provide you with complete transparency 
into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used.
By using our website, registering an account,
you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

## Links to Other Websites

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. 
The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or 
controlled by locod.io. We are not responsible for the content, 
accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites 
are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. 
Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, 
our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any 
other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to 
that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own 
cookies or other methods to collect information about you.

## Cookies

locod.io uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. 
A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by 
your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality 
of our website but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, 
certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required 
to enter your login details every time you visit the website as we would not be 
able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be 
set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not 
be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place 
Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.

### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Session Cookie generated by applications based on the PHP language. 
This is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables. 
It is normally a random generated number,how it is used can be specific to the site, 
but a good example is maintaining a logged-in status for a user between pages.

### Analytics Cookies

This cookie is set by the Clicky web analytics service from Roxr Software. 
The cookie contains a random unique user identifier that is generated the first 
time someone visits a web site using the Clicky software. Its purpose is to 
identify new and unique visitors to a web site. The value of this cookie will 
also be set as a third party cookie with the name of cluid if such a cookie does not exist.

## Blocking and disabling cookies and similar technologies

Wherever you're located you may also set your browser to block cookies 
and similar technologies, but this action may block our essential cookies 
and prevent our website from functioning properly, and you may not be able 
to fully utilize all of its features and services. You should also be aware 
that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences) 
if you block cookies on your browser. Different browsers make different 
controls available to you. Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does 
not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself 
from within your browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.

## Kids' Privacy

We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally 
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or 
guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data,
please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone 
under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove 
that information from Our servers.

## Changes To Our Privacy Policy

We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to this 
Privacy Policy so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. 
Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) 
before we make changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity 
to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, 
you will be bound by the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to this 
or any updated Privacy Policy, you can delete your account.

## Third-Party Services

We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, 
information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party 
websites or services ("Third- Party Services").
You acknowledge and agree that locod.io shall not be responsible for any Third-Party 
Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance,
legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. locod.io does not assume and shall 
not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any 
Third-Party Services.

Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and
you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' 
terms and conditions.

## Tracking Technologies

locod.io uses "Sessions" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited or are logged in.
A Session is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser.

## Information about General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

We may be collecting and using information from you if you are from the 
European Economic Area (EEA), and in this section of our Privacy Policy 
we are going to explain exactly how and why is this data collected, 
and how we maintain this data under protection from being replicated 
or used in the wrong way.

### What is GDPR?

GDPR is an EU-wide privacy and data protection law that regulates how EU residents' 
data is protected by companies and enhances the control the EU residents have, 
over their personal data.

The GDPR is relevant to any globally operating company and not just the EU-based 
businesses and EU residents. Our customers’ data is important irrespective of 
where they are located, which is why we have implemented GDPR controls as our 
baseline standard for all our operations worldwide.

### What is personal data?

Any data that relates to an identifiable or identified individual. GDPR covers a
broad spectrum of information that could be used on its own, or in combination 
with other pieces of information, to identify a person. Personal data extends 
beyond a person’s name or email address. Some examples include financial information, 
political opinions, genetic data, biometric data, IP addresses, physical address, 
sexual orientation, and ethnicity.

The Data Protection Principles include requirements such as:

- Personal data collected must be processed in a fair, legal, and transparent way and should only be used in a way that a person would reasonably expect.
- Personal data should only be collected to fulfil a specific purpose and it should only be used for that purpose. Organizations must specify why they need the personal data when they collect it.
- Personal data should be held no longer than necessary to fulfil its purpose.
- People covered by the GDPR have the right to access their own personal data. They can also request a copy of their data, and that their data be updated, deleted, restricted, or moved to another organization.


### Why is GDPR important?

GDPR adds some new requirements regarding how companies should protect individuals'
personal data that they collect and process. It also raises the stakes for compliance 
by increasing enforcement and imposing greater fines for breach. Beyond these facts it's 
simply the right thing to do. At locod.io we strongly believe that your data privacy is 
very important and we already have solid security and privacy practices in place that 
go beyond the requirements of this new regulation.


### Individual Data Subject's Rights - Data Access, Portability and Deletion

We are committed to helping our customers meet the data subject rights requirements 
of GDPR. locod.io processes or stores all personal data in fully vetted, 
DPA compliant vendors. We do store all conversation and personal data 
for up to 6 years unless your account is deleted. In which case, we 
dispose of all data in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, 
but we will not hold it longer than 60 days.

We are aware that if you are working with EU customers, you need to be able to 
provide them with the ability to access, update, retrieve and remove personal data. 
We got you! We've been set up as self service from the start and have always 
given you access to your data and your customers data. Our customer support 
team is here for you to answer any questions you might have about working with the API.


##  California Residents

The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to disclose categories of Personal 
Information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from whom we collect 
Personal Information, and the third parties with whom we share it, which we have explained above.

We are also required to communicate information about rights California residents have under 
California law. You may exercise the following rights:

- Right to Know and Access. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1) categories of Personal Information we collect, use, or share; (2) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or used by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; and (4) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
- Right to Equal Service. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
- Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request to close your account and we will delete Personal Information about you that we have collected.
- Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like 
to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
We do not sell the Personal Information of our users.
For more information about these rights, please contact us.

## Contact Us

Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.  
Via Email:  [hello@locod.io](mailto:hello@locod.io)

