# Terms of Service

Updated at 2022-10-29

## General Terms

By accessing and placing an order with locod.io, you confirm that you are in 
agreement with and bound by the terms of service contained in the Terms & Conditions 
outlined below. These terms apply to the entire website and any email or other 
type of communication between you and locod.io.

Under no circumstances shall locod.io team be liable for any direct,
indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, 
but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, 
or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if locod.io team 
or an authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
If your use of materials from this site results in the need for servicing, 
repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof.

locod.io will not be responsible for any outcome that may occur during the 
course of usage of our resources. We reserve the rights to change prices 
and revise the resources usage policy in any moment.

## License

locod.io grants you a non-exclusive license to download, install 
and use the website strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

These Terms & Conditions are a contract between you and locod.io 
(referred to in these Terms & Conditions as "locod.io", "us", "we" or "our"), 
the provider of the locod.io website and the services accessible from 
the locod.io website (which are collectively referred to in these 
Terms & Conditions as the "locod.io Service").

You are agreeing to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. 
If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, please do not use 
the locod.io Service. In these Terms & Conditions, "you" refers 
both to you as an individual and to the entity you represent. 
If you violate any of these Terms & Conditions, we reserve the right 
to cancel your account or block access to your account without notice.

## Meanings

For this Terms & Conditions:

- Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
- Company: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to locod.io, that is responsible for your information under this Terms & Conditions.
- Country: where locod.io or the owners/founders of locod.io are based, in this case is Belgium
- Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit locod.io and use the services.
- Service: refers to the service provided by locod.io as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
- Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
- Website: locod.io."’s" site, which can be accessed via this URL: https://www.locod.io
- You: a person or entity that is registered with locod.io to use the Services.

## Your Consent

We've updated our Terms & Conditions to provide you with complete transparency 
into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using 
our website, registering an account, you hereby consent to our Terms & Conditions.

## Links to Other Websites

This Terms & Conditions applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links 
to other websites not operated or controlled by locod.io. We are not responsible 
for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and 
such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or 
completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the 
Services to another website, our Terms & Conditions are no longer in effect. 
Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have 
a link on our platform, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies.
Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.

## Changes To Our Terms & Conditions

You acknowledge and agree that locod.io may stop (permanently or temporarily) 
providing the Service (or any features within the Service) to you or to users 
generally at locod.io’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. 
You may stop using the Service at any time. You do not need to specifically 
inform locod.io when you stop using the Service. You acknowledge and agree 
that if locod.io disables access to your account, you may be prevented 
from accessing the Service, your account details or any files or other 
materials which is contained in your account.

If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions, we will post those changes 
on this page, and/or update the Terms & Conditions modification date below.

## Modifications to Our website

locod.io reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily 
or permanently, the website or any service to which it connects, with or without 
notice and without liability to you.

## Updates to Our website

locod.io may from time to time provide enhancements or improvements 
to the features/ functionality of the website, which may include patches,
bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications ("Updates").

Updates may modify or delete certain features and/or functionalities 
of the website. You agree that locod.io has no obligation to (i) 
provide any Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or enable any particular 
features and/or functionalities of the website to you.

You further agree that all Updates will be (i) deemed to constitute an 
integral part of the website, and (ii) subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.

## Third-Party Services

We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, 
information, applications and other products services) or provide links to 
third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services").

You acknowledge and agree that locod.io shall not be responsible for any 
Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness,
validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect
thereof. locod.io does not assume and shall not have any liability or 
responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.

Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience 
to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject 
to such third parties' terms and conditions.

## Term and Termination

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or locod.io.

locod.io may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, 
suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.

## Copyright Infringement Notice

If you are a copyright owner or such owner’s agent and believe any material on 
our website constitutes an infringement on your copyright, please contact us 
setting forth the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature 
of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on his behalf; 
(b) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing; 
(c) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, 
and an email; (d) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief 
that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owners; and 
(e) the a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, 
and, under penalty of perjury you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.

## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold locod.io and its parents, subsidiaries, 
affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (if any) 
harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, 
due to or arising out of your: (a) use of the website; (b) violation of 
this Agreement or any law or regulation; or (c) violation 
of any right of a third party.

## No Warranties

The website is provided to you "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults 
and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted 
under applicable law, locod.io, on its own behalf and on behalf of 
its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service 
providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, 
statutory or otherwise, with respect to the website, including all 
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, 
title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course 
of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without 
limitation to the foregoing, locod.io provides no warranty or undertaking, 
and makes no representation of any kind that the website will meet your 
requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with 
any other software systems or services, operate without interruption, 
meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that 
any errors or defects can or will be corrected.

Without limiting the foregoing, neither locod.io nor any locod.io's provider 
makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: 
(i) as to the operation or availability of the website, or the information, 
content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the website 
will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, 
or currency of any information or content provided through the website; 
or (iv) that the website, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from 
or on behalf of locod.io are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, 
worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of or limitations on 
implied warranties or the limitations on the applicable statutory rights 
of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may 
not apply to you.

## Limitation of Liability

Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur, the entire liability of locod.io
and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Agreement and your exclusive
remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually
paid by you for the website.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall locod.io 
or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential 
damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, 
for loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal 
injury, for loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of 
or inability to use the website, third-party software and/or third-party hardware 
used with the website, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Agreement), 
even if locod.io or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such 
damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.

Some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental 
or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

## Severability

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, 
such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives 
of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable 
law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices 
published by locod.io on the Services, shall constitute the entire 
agreement between you and locod.io concerning the Services. If any 
provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the 
validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall 
remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement 
shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other 
term, and locod.io."’s" failure to assert any right or provision under 
this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. 
YOU AND locod.io AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED 
TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION 
ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

## Waiver

Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require 
performance of an obligation under this Agreement shall not effect a party's 
ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter 
nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent breach.

No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, 
any right or any power under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of 
that right or power. Nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right
or power under this Agreement preclude further exercise of that or any 
other right granted herein. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement 
and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this Agreement shall govern.


## Amendments to this Agreement

locod.io reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this 
Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days' 
notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change 
will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our website after any revisions become effective, 
you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, 
you are no longer authorized to use locod.io.

## Entire Agreement

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and locod.io regarding 
your use of the website and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or
oral agreements between you and locod.io.

You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when you use or 
purchase other locod.io's services, which locod.io will provide to you at the 
time of such use or purchase.

## Updates to Our Terms

We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms 
so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by 
law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes
to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. 
Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms. 
If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account.

## Intellectual Property

### Content & interface

All content on this website and the interface of the application is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.

You are free to:
- Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.

Under the following terms:
- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
- No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

Notices:
- You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.
- No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.

### Source Code

locod.io is an open source template-based code generation technology. 
As such, you can use it freely, fork it and even contribute back. 
The source code of locod.io is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright (c) 2022 locod.io

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Agreement to Arbitrate

This section applies to any dispute EXCEPT IT DOESN’T INCLUDE A DISPUTE RELATING 
TO CLAIMS FOR INJUNCTIVE OR EQUITABLE RELIEF REGARDING THE ENFORCEMENT OR VALIDITY 
OF YOUR OR locod.io."’s" INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The term “dispute” means 
any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and locod.io concerning 
the Services or this agreement, whether in contract, warranty, tort, statute, 
regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis. “Dispute” will 
be given the broadest possible meaning allowable under law.

## Notice of Dispute

In the event of a dispute, you or locod.io must give the other a Notice of 
Dispute, which is a written statement that sets forth the name, address, 
and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the
dispute, and the relief requested. You must send any Notice of Dispute 
via email to: hello@locod.io. locod.io will send any Notice of Dispute
to you by mail to your address if we have it, or otherwise to your email address. 
You and locod.io will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal 
negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent. 
After sixty (60) days, you or locod.io may commence arbitration.

## Submissions and Privacy

In the event that you submit or post any ideas, creative suggestions, designs, 
photographs, information, advertisements, data or proposals, including ideas 
for new or improved products, services, features, technologies or promotions, 
you expressly agree that such submissions will automatically be treated as 
non-confidential and non-proprietary and will become the sole property of locod.io 
without any compensation or credit to you whatsoever. locod.io and its affiliates 
shall have no obligations with respect to such submissions or posts and may 
use the ideas contained in such submissions or posts for any purposes in any 
medium in perpetuity, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, 
and marketing products and services using such ideas.

## Miscellaneous

If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or 
portion of these Terms & Conditions to be unenforceable, the remainder of 
these Terms & Conditions will continue in full force and effect. Any waiver 
of any provision of these Terms & Conditions will be effective only if in 
writing and signed by an authorized representative of locod.io. locod.io 
will be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the 
obligations of posting any bond or surety) in the event of any breach 
or anticipatory breach by you. locod.io operates and controls the locod.io 
Service from its offices in Belgium. The Service is not intended for 
distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or 
country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. 
Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the locod.io Service from other
locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance 
with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. 
These Terms & Conditions (which include and incorporate the locod.io 
[Privacy Policy](privacy_policy.md)) 
contains the entire understanding, and supersedes all prior understandings, 
between you and locod.io concerning its subject matter, and cannot be changed 
or modified by you. The section headings used in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and will not be given any legal import.

## Disclaimer

locod.io is not responsible for any content, code or any other imprecision.

locod.io does not provide warranties or guarantees.

In no event shall locod.io be liable for any special, direct, indirect, 
consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether 
in an action of contract, negligence or other tort, arising out of or 
in connection with the use of the Service or the contents of the Service. 
locod.io reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modifications 
to the contents on the Service at any time without prior notice.

The locod.io Service and its contents are provided "as is" and "as available" 
without any warranty or representations of any kind, whether express or implied. 
locod.io is a distributor and not a publisher of the content supplied by third parties; 
as such, locod.io exercises no editorial control over such content and makes no 
warranty or representation as to the accuracy, reliability or currency of any 
information, content, service or merchandise provided through or accessible via 
the locod.io Service. Without limiting the foregoing, locod.io specifically 
disclaims all warranties and representations in any content transmitted 
on or in connection with the locod.io Service or on sites that may appear 
as links on the locod.io Service, or in the products provided as a part of, 
or otherwise in connection with, the locod.io Service, including without 
limitation any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose
or non-infringement of third party rights. No oral advice or written information 
given by locod.io or any of its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, 
agents, or the like will create a warranty. Price and availability information 
is subject to change without notice. Without limiting the foregoing, locod.io 
does not warrant that the locod.io Service will be uninterrupted, uncorrupted, 
timely, or error-free.

## Contact Us

Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.

Via Email:  [hello@locod.io](mailto:hello@locod.io)
